add(epp): redis sentinel proc (#1240)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/applications-redis-sentinel.md

|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |:---------------------------------------------- |:---- |
| cluster.sentinels.slaves.detected.count                                                     | Number of detected sentinels                   |      |
| cluster.sentinels.subjectively_down.count                                                   | Number of subjectively down sentinel instances |      |
| cluster.sentinels.objectively_down.count                                                    | Number of objectively down sentinel instances  |      |
| quorum status                                                                               | Status of sentinel voted quorum                |      |
| status                                                                                      | Status of sentinel instance                    |      |
| *cluster_name~sentinel_address:sentinel_port*#cluster.sentinel.ping_ok.latency.milliseconds | Last ok ping latency                           | ms   |

<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

## Prerequisites

> To control your Redis Sentinel, the Poller should be able to perform ```redis-cli``` requests over TCP/26379 port (by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To control your Redis Sentinel, the Poller should be able to perform **redis-cli** requests over the TCP/26379 port (by default).
```

The following commands are used:
* sentinel ckquorum <cluster_name>
* sentinel masters
* sentinel replicas <cluster_name>
* sentinel sentinels <cluster_name>

## Setup

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

<!--Online License-->

1. Install the Centreon Plugin package on every Centreon poller expected to monitor **Redis Sentinel** resources:

```bash
yum install centreon-plugin-Applications-Redis-Sentinel
```

2. On the Centreon Web interface, install the **Redis Sentinel** Centreon Pack on the **Configuration > Plugin Packs** page.

<!--Offline License-->

1. Install the Centreon Plugin package on every Centreon poller expected to monitor **Redis Sentinel** resources:

```bash
yum install centreon-plugin-Applications-Redis-Sentinel
```

2. Install the **Redis Sentinel** Centreon Pack RPM on the Centreon Central server:

 ```bash
yum install centreon-pack-applications-redis-sentinel
```

3. On the Centreon Web interface, install the **Redis Sentinel** Centreon Pack on the **Configuration > Plugin Packs** page.

<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

## Configuration

### Host

* Log into Centreon and add a new Host through **Configuration > Hosts**

> * Fill the **Name**, **Alias** & **IP Address / DNS** fields according to your *Redis Sentinel* server settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fill the **Name**, **Alias** & **IP Address / DNS** fields according to your **Redis Sentinel** server settings
```

* Select the *applications-redis-sentinel-custom* template to apply to the Host

> * Once the template applied, some Macros marked as 'Mandatory' hereafter have to be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Once the template is applied, fill in the corresponding macros. Some macros are mandatory.
```

| Mandatory | Name             | Description                                                                  |
|:----------|:-----------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|           | SENTINELPORT     | (Default: '26379')                                                           |
|           | SENTINELUSERNAME | Sentinel username (redis-cli >= 6.x mandatory)                               |
|           | SENTINELPASSWORD | Sentinel password                                                            |
|           | EXTRAOPTIONS     | Any extra option you may want to add to the command (eg. a --tls --insecure) |

> ## How to install _redis-cli_ 6.x ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to install redis-cli 6.x ?
```

> To use _tls_ and/or ACL users, you need _redis-cli_ >= 6.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use TLS and/or ACL users, you need **redis-cli** >= 6.x.
```

> To use _tls_ and/or ACL users, you need _redis-cli_ >= 6.x.

Reviewer: Th sentence doesn't make sense and doesn't match the French version

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

<!--Centos 7-->

```bash
yum install epel-release
yum install http://rpms.remirepo.net/enterprise/remi-release-7.rpm 
yum --enablerepo=remi install redis
```

<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

> ## How to check in the CLI that the configuration is OK and what are the main options for ? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to check in the CLI that the configuration is OK and what are the main options for? 
```
